securing the front brakes now for
asymmetrical will be out smash home
then Charlotte is very stuff yep you do
it let me hear it again okay right if I
cannot keep things level in one wind
touches the ground I will immediately
release in the event for Australia I
will adopt the appropriate attitude
released twice and try to learn hurt if
I cannot land ahead I will check my
aspect for 55-plus and turn downwind
which today is to the right make an
abbreviated circular line in this
direction checks completely below please
close
am i oakley about behind all out all out
the word walk walk
down the road
flowering attitude how Gladys it
$35
to come
definitely
the other way
the bank the stupid my study
can it be rich lift it might be original
group
in a child keeping the bitch
yes
and out of it again
while Charlie 800 feet
in direction
that's a NICU Cesario algo basic
you don't extend the back
open out the face so you don't
sighs encourage
he beaches in from the threshold of the
touchdown
check your
another Stalin the speed is
deteriorating
okay hello okay the more and more you
let your speed deteriorate because I
know that as you go through the wind
radians the speed for the same speed
drops off and by the time we actually
cross the threshold
we're doing 50 51 52 because you allowed
for speed to drop off that's why I kept
safe